[BE-3151]: Added Active SSH doc (#428)
appcircleio/appcircle-docusaurus: docs/workflows/common-workflow-steps/active-ssh-private-key.md

<Screenshot url='https://cdn.appcircle.io/docs/assets/BE3151-sshOrder.png' />

:::

### Input Variables

Below are the parameters required for this step, along with detailed explanations.

<Screenshot url='https://cdn.appcircle.io/docs/assets/BE3151-sshInput.png' />

| Variable Name                 | Description                                    | Status           |
|-------------------------------|------------------------------------------------|------------------|
| `$AC_REPOSITORY_SSH_KEY`      | SSH private key in RSA format. This value defaults to `AC_REPOSITORY_SSH_KEY`. It is automatically defined as the [**Reserved Environment Variables**](/environment-variables/appcircle-specific-environment-variables) when an SSH connection is made. | Optional |

### Output Variables

| Variable Name                 | Description                                    |
|-------------------------------|------------------------------------------------|

> | `$SSH_AUTH_SOCK`              | The path of the SSH Auth Socket.               | 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `$SSH_AUTH_SOCK`              | This is the path to the SSH Auth Socket.         | 
```
